okay if you want xbox 360 live and you
don't want to spend like a couple tens
twenties dollars in it then you have a
laptop or a modem that you can plug into
all you need to get is one of these
phone cables as doesn't matter between
the rings of what are you going to put
it plug it and to
the phone outlet there and put the other
end into this side
okay then on your laptop you want to go
into net if you have one of these done
here just right click it go network and
sharing Center
that's it slow
as you can see instead
see how it says this reincarnation how
to do
managed network connections see this
this is the xbox that you plug into
the wireless thing the bridge you click
on the one this one and you click bridge
then see this writer that's the bridge
already it's what you've done you're
good to go breath you start used to it
if it says that it's not loud just open
up the connection thing and you try it
thank you for what